The Project is very simple to use. Please follow the instructions and steps ahead :

The aim of the project is solving the Poor Healthcare system and lack of any comprehensive system to Store, track and secure Data.

The project has 3 simple interfaces:
(1) The Hospital or Medical Intuition staff:- A web interface
(2) The user or Citizen Interface:- A simple and intuitive Android App
(3) The Government and health Ministry staff interface:- A Web interface 

Steps to Access :
--------------------
(Note: The Web apps are Hosted on Server)

1) First, the Blockchain interface will be installed in the Hospitals and the designated staff need to Sign up for an account
   who can interact with the Blockchain.

    Goto:  http://vineet.ultimatefreehost.in/register.php
    
    Sign up for the staff and the staff will have to log in after it.
    
    Goto: http://vineet.ultimatefreehost.in/login.php

2) Once the staff Logs into the account, his/her dashboard will be displayed where he/she will enter the Medical History/data of the patient who wants to avail medical service.

3) Once the data is entered, press submit, the data will save in an SQL database and then the data is fetched by the Blockchain database, mined and stored in a block and attached to a chain.

4) Now, the User/citizen can easily view his medical history through an ANDROID App.
    Just Sign up for the Application and Login with the same credentials.

5) After login, the user dashboard will be in view. Here the Medical Details and all services, expenses of the user can be seen and tracked.

    The data from Blockchain is fetched corresponding to the AADHAR No. of the user which act as its primary key.

6)Now, a web interface is developed through which the Government can get all the stats overview of its citizen(but not the actual data, ensuring the privacy of the users).
    
    A complete data chart from all over the states, districts with different graphs can be viewed, which gives the government an oversight of public health and demography.

    Smart contract will be implemented which can facilitate HEALTHCARE SCHEME and Monetary assistance directly to the citizen in the Blockchain protocol without any outside intervention.
    Hence, Scheme implementation is effective and corruption free.



     
